com/example/mydairy/MainActivity.java
 com.example.mydairy.MainActivity
 com.example.mydairy.MainActivity$1
com/example/mydairy/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.mydairy.BuildConfig
com/example/mydairy/databinding/FragmentShareBinding.java
 com.example.mydairy.databinding.FragmentShareBinding
com/example/mydairy/databinding/FragmentSettingsBinding.java
 com.example.mydairy.databinding.FragmentSettingsBinding
com/example/mydairy/ui/Dashboard/GalleryFragment.java
 com.example.mydairy.ui.Dashboard.GalleryFragment
com/example/mydairy/ui/Dashboard/GalleryViewModel.java
 com.example.mydairy.ui.Dashboard.GalleryViewModel
com/example/mydairy/Fragements/Settings.java
 com.example.mydairy.Fragements.Settings
com/example/mydairy/splash/SplashActivity.java
 com.example.mydairy.splash.SplashActivity
 com.example.mydairy.splash.SplashActivity$1
 com.example.mydairy.splash.SplashActivity$2
 com.example.mydairy.splash.SplashActivity$3
com/example/mydairy/databinding/ActivityPhoneOtpBinding.java
 com.example.mydairy.databinding.ActivityPhoneOtpBinding
com/example/mydairy/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 com.example.mydairy.databinding.ContentMainBinding
com/example/mydairy/ui/Graph/SlideshowFragment.java
 com.example.mydairy.ui.Graph.SlideshowFragment
com/example/mydairy/databinding/ActivityEmailRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.mydairy.databinding.ActivityEmailRegisterBinding
com/example/mydairy/phonelogin/PhoneLoginActivity.java
 com.example.mydairy.phonelogin.PhoneLoginActivity
 com.example.mydairy.phonelogin.PhoneLoginActivity$1
 com.example.mydairy.phonelogin.PhoneLoginActivity$2
com/example/mydairy/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.mydairy.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/mydairy/emaillogin/EmailLoginActivity.java
 com.example.mydairy.emaillogin.EmailLoginActivity
 com.example.mydairy.emaillogin.EmailLoginActivity$1
 com.example.mydairy.emaillogin.EmailLoginActivity$2
 com.example.mydairy.emaillogin.EmailLoginActivity$2$1
 com.example.mydairy.emaillogin.EmailLoginActivity$3
 com.example.mydairy.emaillogin.EmailLoginActivity$3$1
 com.example.mydairy.emaillogin.EmailLoginActivity$4
 com.example.mydairy.emaillogin.EmailLoginActivity$5
com/example/mydairy/emaillogin/EmailRegisterActivity.java
 com.example.mydairy.emaillogin.EmailRegisterActivity
 com.example.mydairy.emaillogin.EmailRegisterActivity$1
 com.example.mydairy.emaillogin.EmailRegisterActivity$2
 com.example.mydairy.emaillogin.EmailRegisterActivity$3
 com.example.mydairy.emaillogin.EmailRegisterActivity$3$1
com/example/mydairy/Details/UserDetails.java
 com.example.mydairy.Details.UserDetails
 com.example.mydairy.Details.UserDetails$1
com/example/mydairy/databinding/FragmentSlideshowBinding.java
 com.example.mydairy.databinding.FragmentSlideshowBinding
com/example/mydairy/databinding/NavHeaderMainBinding.java
 com.example.mydairy.databinding.NavHeaderMainBinding
com/example/mydairy/Fragements/feedback.java
 com.example.mydairy.Fragements.feedback
com/example/mydairy/Fragements/share.java
 com.example.mydairy.Fragements.share
com/example/mydairy/phonelogin/PhoneOTPActivity.java
 com.example.mydairy.phonelogin.PhoneOTPActivity
 com.example.mydairy.phonelogin.PhoneOTPActivity$1
 com.example.mydairy.phonelogin.PhoneOTPActivity$2
 com.example.mydairy.phonelogin.PhoneOTPActivity$3
com/example/mydairy/databinding/FragmentFeedbackBinding.java
 com.example.mydairy.databinding.FragmentFeedbackBinding
com/example/mydairy/databinding/ActivityEmailLoginBinding.java
 com.example.mydairy.databinding.ActivityEmailLoginBinding
com/example/mydairy/Details/User.java
 com.example.mydairy.Details.User
com/example/mydairy/ui/Report/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.mydairy.ui.Report.HomeViewModel
com/example/mydairy/databinding/ActivityUserDetailsBinding.java
 com.example.mydairy.databinding.ActivityUserDetailsBinding
com/example/mydairy/databinding/AppBarMainBinding.java
 com.example.mydairy.databinding.AppBarMainBinding
com/example/mydairy/databinding/FragmentGalleryBinding.java
 com.example.mydairy.databinding.FragmentGalleryBinding
com/example/mydairy/ui/Report/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.mydairy.ui.Report.HomeFragment
com/example/mydairy/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.example.mydairy.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/example/mydairy/ui/Graph/SlideshowViewModel.java
 com.example.mydairy.ui.Graph.SlideshowViewModel
com/example/mydairy/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.mydairy.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/mydairy/databinding/ActivityPhoneLoginBinding.java
 com.example.mydairy.databinding.ActivityPhoneLoginBinding
